Yuansheng, I will only marry you alone in my life
Then I'll let Song Nianyi die
Don't you like An Yingying for the rest of your life?
Would you like to see her marry another man?
What the hell do you know?
My mother is gone.
Yingying is my most important person now
I could die for her
It's enough for simp to do your part
You can obviously live a good life with Ah Yingying
But still want to be a rapist
Do you think Yingying will really be happy? Shut up.
Becoming rich was my grandfather's dream
I'll be able to help him make it happen soon
Hahahaha
Don't make another mistake.
Yuansheng
Don't you want to know the truth about your mother's death?
truth
When I kicked your father out of the house
And gave it to him 3 million
That 3 million enough to cure your mother
That's more than enough.
I didn't expect your father to run away with the money
You are talking nonsense.
The father is obviously voting for the mother
The money disappeared on the way
It is clearly written on the transfer record
If you don't believe me, you can see for yourself
Keep it down
Waiting for the sound to let up
Go in and save people immediately